# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting - MOM-2024-01-09

* Tuesday, January 9th, 2024

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Efthymis Isaakidis, DT
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Kazuma Kameyama, KDDI

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

Meeting documents: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments)

## Agenda

* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* Next Steps
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

## Review MoM & Actions

* MOM 2023-12-19 draft (PR #33) has been approved and merged.
* Actions:
  * Closed: none
  * Kept open: none

### Review Issues & PRs

* Page 5 (Issues) and Page 6 (PRs) in the agenda slides show current Issues and PRs, which were noted. It was agreed that all the current issues and PRs were for v0.1.0 and could be closed. **->To close all the issues and PRs. (Toshi) [AI#06.01]**

## Next Steps

**(1) v0.1.0**
* Making the -rc version and the release version as well as making the release branch & Changelog.md is just a common process.  Don’t think there is any error correction needed and any missing information.  Concern is that parameter/attribute descriptions are enough or not. (Telefonica)

* Agree.  We may need to add parameter/attribute descriptions.  Will create an issue/PR for this. (Toshi) **->To create an issue/PR for adding parameter/attribute descriptions (Toshi) [AI#06.02]**

* Regarding "application/json;charset=utf-8 or application/json" and "#/components/headers/x-correlator", **Toshi will check Commonalities discussion in order to decide if there is anything to do for v0.1.0. (Toshi) [AI#06.03]**

**(2) v0.2.0**

* Toshi listed up leftover issues, new features, functional enhancement etc. which were identified during the v0.1.0 discussions.  There was no comment to delete any items from the list, so, all items were regarded as v0.2.0 candidate items.  **->Toshi to create issues for each item. (Toshi) [AI#06.04]**

* Regarding the item (7), Mobile Connect-like Match response (Y, N-NA, N-AV, N-AD), **DT will discuss it internally with their experts about Error Reponses etc. and will give the subproject their feedback if this item needs to be discussed for v0.2.0 or not. (DT) [AI#06.05]**

* Regarding the item (9), Gender attribute, **Telefonica will discuss it internally with their experts about Privacy etc. and will give the subproject their feedback if this item needs to be discussed for v0.2.0 or not. (Telefonica) [AI#06.06]**

* Regarding the item (11), **Toshi will arrange for OIDF to make a presentation about their eKYC-IDA activity during the next KnowYourCustomer SP meeting (or a later meeting). (Toshi) [AI#06.07]**

* Regarding the item (11), having been asked, DT replied that Dawid Wrobleswski takes part in the Identity and Consent Management WG, and that DT takes part in OIDF but it is not clear that DT is engaged actively in eKYC-IDA. (DT)
 
**(3) Age Verification API**

* Orange wants to start Age Verification discussion, but Gilles is not the person responsible for the topic.  Toshi has asked GSMA to identify the responsible person and is waiting for their reply.

## AOB

* **Next meeting: 2024/1/23(Tue) 0900-1000 CET.**  Hopefully OIDF’s eKYC-IDA presentation will be included.

* DT asked to add 'Efthymis Isaakidis, DT' as attendee to MoM-20231212 and MoM-20231219. (DT) **->Toshi to create PRs. (Toshi) [AI#06.08]**

## Action Items

* **AI #06.01** It was agreed that all the current issues and PRs were for v0.1.0 and could be closed. ->To close all the issues and PRs. (Toshi) 
AI #06.02 For v0.1.0, to create an issue/PR for adding parameter/attribute descriptions (Toshi)

* **AI #06.03** Regarding “application/json;charset=utf-8 or application/json” and “#/components/headers/x-correlator”, Toshi will check Commonalities discussion in order to decide if there is anything to do for v0.1.0. (Toshi) 

* **AI #06.04** For all the listed up items, Toshi to create issues for each item as v0.2.0 candidate items. (Toshi)

* **AI #06.05** Regarding the item (7), Mobile Connect-like Match response (Y, N-NA, N-AV, N-AD), DT will discuss it internally with their experts about Error Reponses etc. and will give the subproject their feedback if this item needs to be discussed for v0.2.0 or not. (DT) 

* **AI #06.06** Regarding the item (9), Gender attribute, Telefonica will discuss it internally with their experts about Privacy etc. and will give the subproject their feedback if this item needs to be discussed for v0.2.0 or not. (Telefonica)

* **AI #06.07** Regarding the item (11), Toshi will arrange for OIDF to make a presentation about their eKYC-IDA activity during the next KnowYourCustomer SP meeting (or a later meeting). (Toshi)

* **AI #06.08** Toshi to create PRs for adding ‘Efthymis Isaakidis, DT’ as attendee to MoM-20231212 and MoM-20231219. (Toshi)
