# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting – MOM-2023-11-28

*Tuesday, November 28th, 2023

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Huub Appelboom, KPN
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Daniel Dierich, DT
* Kazuma Kamiyama, KDDI

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* User Story Discussion
* Parameters Discussion
* Next Steps including API Documentation
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

## Review MoM & Actions

* MoM 2023-11-14 draft was approved.  PR #17 can be merged and closed.
* Actions:
  * AI #02.01 has been closed.
  * AI #02.02 is to be closed today.  
  * AI #02.03 is kept open.

### Review Issues & PRs

* Page 5 (Issues) and Page 6 (PRs) in the agenda slides show Issues and PRs status, which were noted.

## User Story Discussion

* Discussion on User Story PR #13 has been ongoing on GitHub.  Discussion point is whether Match Score related phrases are included or not.  Toshi proposed not to include them before the meeting to conclude the User Story, based on comments that the User Story should reflect the current scope of the API.
* During the meeting, Stefano commented that it would be better to include potential new functionality like Match Score in the User Story.  However, Huub commented that we should be careful to include Match Score, because there are potential issues for Match Score, i.e., for example, there are many ways and solutions for Match Score and also some additional solution like Hashing should be introduced in terms of Privacy protection. 
* As conclusion of the discussion, Match Score still needs to be discussed more in the future release, so, it was decided that Match Score related phrases will be incorporated into the User Story when it is discussed.  Thus, the latest version of the User Story was agreed, and PR #13 can be merged and closed.

## Parameters Discussion

* To conclude our Parameter discussion, Toshi has created the list of our discussion points on the Parameter.
* On Bullet No.1 'How to handle some country/market specific attributes e.g. name reading, user information, idDocument', User information was discussed by using most of the remaining meeting time.
* There were several comments on User information as below (not exhaustive) :
  * Same as KDDI, many operators have Subscriber (who has contract with operator) and User (who actually uses the mobile terminal). However, Huub commented that it is not understandable that there are just a few attributes for User, and that there should be the same attributes for User as for Subscriber.  He further commented that it may be better to have two different APIs, i.e. one for Subscriber information match and one for User information match.
  * Javier commented that customer needs are only for Subscriber information match, or there is no need to differentiate Subscriber and User and it is needed to simply match information like phone number, name, address etc.
  * Toshi commented that KDDI is providing KYC-Match API with User information for Name, Name reading and Birthdate as commercial service, and that typically Subscriber is a parent and User is his/her child, and User’s other information is not provided (no customer needs), e.g. User's address is supposed to be the same as Subscriber’s.  But there was a comment from Huub that this is not the case and that Even if User is a child of Subscriber, User (the child) may have a different address and other information separate from Subscriber's.
* Regarding Bullet No.1 for User information, KDDI was to consider how it could be handled and get back to the group. [AI #03.01]
* Regarding Bullet No.2, it was agreed to use the camelCase notation for parameter/attribute names, to follow the CAMARA API Design Guidelines .
* Due to time limitation, other discussion points could not be covered, so, Toshi will upload them on GitHub [AI #03.02] and all group members are requested to review and discuss them. [AI #03.03]

## Next Steps

* There was Toshi’s proposal to start discussion about API documentation, sharing proposed Skeleton based on QoD v0.8.0’s documentation.  
* Toshi will upload it on GitHub as issue/PRs [AI #03.04] and all group members are requested to review and discuss them. [AI #03.05]

## AOB

* Next meeting will be December 12th (Tue) 0900-1000 CET.  
* As we need more progress, we will have another meeting on December 19th (Tue) potentially.  Time to be confirmed checking DeviceLocation regular meeting.

## Action Items

* **AI #03.01** Regarding the Parameter discussion, for User information, KDDI is to consider how it is handled and get back to the group.

* **AI #03.02** Regarding the Parameter discussion, several discussion points could not be covered, so, Toshi will upload them on GitHub for discussion.

* **AI #03.03** Further to AI #03.02 above, all group members are requested to review and discuss them.

* **AI #03.04** To start working on API Documentation, Toshi will upload issue/PRs on GitHub related to it for discussion.

* **AI #03.05** Further to AI #03.04 above, all group members are requested to review and discuss them.

[END]
